This practice is very special throughout the times. I think K.T. Pardeshirab removed her mind so
many times how important this practice is.
In particular, also performing the ceremony of the Fire Puja is one of the very special practices.
It's very, very good for opportunities. It's not just that I'm threatening you all, but it is truly
precious.
It's very special to recognize this. Again, we had many different opportunities, circumstances and
conditions.
To gather together and perform this ceremony is special and very, very beautiful.
So therefore, these beautiful practices, we're trying to carry out that with motivation. And again,
bodhicitta, thinking of everyone, we do these practices.
And those who are here and those who are gone, and there are many levels.
And then also, again, in the world, there are so many difficulties and troubles happening one after
another.
I don't know if it's, again, in my mind or just a few of ours' minds, sometimes the fields look
more like these natural disasters approaching more and more than before that we remember or thought
.
Even though in one way the world is more calm and peaceful, there are not too many wars.
First World War, World War II, World War II, those all happen.
And throughout history, there are a lot of wars happening. But maybe this time, not too comfortable
to compare with that, maybe not less in that level due to the many different, I think, forces and
many different beings.
The great beings that create peace and harmonics in one way.
But however, these natural disasters and the disease and the sicknesses and many different levels
is really kind of more dense and more powerful than even before.
And whether it is true or not, but the practice and meditation is so important for all of us.
We know that. It's something that brings a value in our quality, our value, our inner qualities.
And this is something that we ultimately can rely on for us, ourselves or others.
External, maternal things, there are so many things, comes, goes on and off, and so many things.
But really, the own level that we can rely on, ultimately, is something that, what we call the
inner well for the Dharma.
The practice is so important. And that is truly re-witnessed by the many circumstances and the
situations.
I'm sure you also must be experienced with that. And therefore, Dharma is something so important
and special.
And by generally practicing Dharma and practicing good things is so good, so special. It rewards us
.
It always brings courage and confidence and a sense of dignity in our heart and mind.
When we do good things, when we do nice things that we can believe or we know that, it's something
special.
And then practice is so special. It is the practice that is practiced by so many great masters and
practitioners throughout the centuries,
throughout the years, the sense of "Buddha, give this teaching."
It says, "Gurubyama, some will give this teaching. Show this."
And see, this sense, this great master, for example, mainly teaching, give this teaching.
Ever since this practice, there's so many times, one after another, in a human world, and I'm sure
in a different world, there's been practices.
And we follow that, these footsteps, exactly that steps, with our best capabilities and external
level.
But what we need to do, we need to match up with our inner quality, the joy and devotion in both
each other.
When you combine that trigger, our practice with our motivation, then it begins to lift up and
bring the new dimension of creating new dimension things, many different really levels.
So therefore, again, I'm just reminded to all of us, and toghed in a way, this is one of the
beautiful opportunities,
the beautiful times that we had this practice again and again, again and again, so many years.
Never happened in history of the New York City, maybe.
This many practices are really true, or maybe not even in this America history.
I'm not just saying that.
But we're doing this. It's not just a bragging, but it's truly, we've been doing, and we're able to
do this.
And thanks to John, his--